In my life, I've been presented with many opportunities to be challenged
with new skills. One of them would be to learn a new computer science
language. So, for instance, let's say I know C# but now, I need
to learn a new gaming language, it's called Unity. So, I've never used
this tool before but I know C# which is inside it somewhere. So,
that means I have to learn this new skill that's based on the programming
that I've done before. So, in that case, I might have to take
lots of online tutorials, I might have to ask lots of friends, like,
"Hey, look over my shoulder. Am I doing this right? What does this
button do?" That happens all the time. Maybe several times per year,
I'm faced with some kind of new technique, new skill, new program
that I'm supposed to learn. In the military, it's very similar. So,
once you're on the ship and you've been there for a couple of years,
you know all of the equipment, you know all of the sets that's you're
supposed to learn. However, you could be faced with going to a new
class. So, for instance, I am recently going to go to Command Career
Counselor School, where I'm going to go to a two week class and they're
going to teach me all about the books that I am supposed to read
and some manuals that I'm supposed to present to other people, that's
an whole new skill, with concepts that I've never seen before
and even in the military, you're going to be faced with one or two opportunities
per year to really push yourself to learn.